Added Weekly view for all users in Reporting page (#78)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _documentation/reporting.md

You can change the displayed month and (in case you have the correct permissions) the user to display the report for.

## Weekly view for all users

> Display a full week of working times for all users.
> All here doesn't mean "all users", but only "all users that you have access to" (see below in "Choosing a user").
> 
> You can change the displayed week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a full week of working times for all users (that you have access to, see "Permissions").

You can change the displayed week.

- Required permission: `view_reporting` and `view_other_timesheet`
- Type of report: `Real times`  
- Shipped with: `Kimai 1.14 and later`
```
